now it happened in those days that the
now it happened in those days that the Philistines gather their armies together
Philistines gather their armies together
Philistines gather their armies together for war to fight with Israel and a Koosh
for war to fight with Israel and a Koosh
for war to fight with Israel and a Koosh said to David you assuredly know that
said to David you assuredly know that
said to David you assuredly know that you will go out with me to battle you
you will go out with me to battle you
you will go out with me to battle you and your men surely you know what your
and your men surely you know what your
and your men surely you know what your servant can do therefore I will make you
servant can do therefore I will make you
servant can do therefore I will make you one of my chief Guardians
one of my chief Guardians
one of my chief Guardians forever now Samuel had died and all
forever now Samuel had died and all
forever now Samuel had died and all Israel had lamented for him and buried
Israel had lamented for him and buried
Israel had lamented for him and buried him in Ramah in his own City and soul
him in Ramah in his own City and soul
him in Ramah in his own City and soul had put the mediums and the spiritists
had put the mediums and the spiritists
had put the mediums and the spiritists out of the land
out of the land
out of the land [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then the Philistines gathered together
then the Philistines gathered together
then the Philistines gathered together and came and encamped at shunick so Saul
and came and encamped at shunick so Saul
and came and encamped at shunick so Saul gathered all Israel together and they
gathered all Israel together and they
gathered all Israel together and they encamped at Gilboa when Saul saw the
encamped at Gilboa when Saul saw the
encamped at Gilboa when Saul saw the army of the Philistines he was afraid
army of the Philistines he was afraid
army of the Philistines he was afraid and his heart trembled greatly and when
and his heart trembled greatly and when
and his heart trembled greatly and when saul inquired of the Lord the Lord did
saul inquired of the Lord the Lord did
saul inquired of the Lord the Lord did not answer him either by dreams or by
not answer him either by dreams or by
not answer him either by dreams or by urine or by the prophets then saul said
urine or by the prophets then saul said
urine or by the prophets then saul said to his servants find me a woman who was
to his servants find me a woman who was
to his servants find me a woman who was a medium but I may go to her and inquire
a medium but I may go to her and inquire
a medium but I may go to her and inquire of her in fact there is a woman who is a
of her in fact there is a woman who is a
of her in fact there is a woman who is a medium and Endor so Saul disguised
medium and Endor so Saul disguised
medium and Endor so Saul disguised himself and put on other clothes and he
himself and put on other clothes and he
himself and put on other clothes and he went and two men with him and they came
went and two men with him and they came
went and two men with him and they came to the woman by night please conduct a
to the woman by night please conduct a
to the woman by night please conduct a sails for me and bring up for me the one
sails for me and bring up for me the one
sails for me and bring up for me the one I shall name to look you know what Saul
I shall name to look you know what Saul
I shall name to look you know what Saul has done how he has cut off the mediums
has done how he has cut off the mediums
has done how he has cut off the mediums the spiritists from the land why then do
the spiritists from the land why then do
the spiritists from the land why then do you lay a snare for my life to cause me
you lay a snare for my life to cause me
you lay a snare for my life to cause me to die
to die
to die and Saul swore to her by the Lord as the
and Saul swore to her by the Lord as the
and Saul swore to her by the Lord as the Lord lives no punishment shall come upon
Lord lives no punishment shall come upon
Lord lives no punishment shall come upon you for this thing whom shall I bring up
you for this thing whom shall I bring up
you for this thing whom shall I bring up for you
for you
for you bring up Samuel for me when the woman
bring up Samuel for me when the woman
bring up Samuel for me when the woman saw Samuel she cried out with a loud
saw Samuel she cried out with a loud
saw Samuel she cried out with a loud voice why have you deceived me for you
voice why have you deceived me for you
voice why have you deceived me for you are so do not be afraid what did you see
are so do not be afraid what did you see
are so do not be afraid what did you see I saw a spirit ascending out of the
I saw a spirit ascending out of the
I saw a spirit ascending out of the earth
earth
earth what is isn't for an old man is coming
what is isn't for an old man is coming
what is isn't for an old man is coming up and he is covered with a mantle and
up and he is covered with a mantle and
up and he is covered with a mantle and so perceived that it was Samuel and he
so perceived that it was Samuel and he
so perceived that it was Samuel and he stooped with his face to the ground and
stooped with his face to the ground and
stooped with his face to the ground and bowed down now Samuel said to Saul why
bowed down now Samuel said to Saul why
bowed down now Samuel said to Saul why have you disturbed me by bringing me up
have you disturbed me by bringing me up
have you disturbed me by bringing me up I am deeply distressed for the
I am deeply distressed for the
I am deeply distressed for the Philistines make war against me and God
Philistines make war against me and God
Philistines make war against me and God has departed from me
has departed from me
has departed from me it does not answer me anymore the bad
it does not answer me anymore the bad
it does not answer me anymore the bad prophets not by dreams therefore I have
prophets not by dreams therefore I have
prophets not by dreams therefore I have called you but you may reveal to me what
called you but you may reveal to me what
called you but you may reveal to me what I should do
so why do you ask me seeing the Lord has
so why do you ask me seeing the Lord has departed from you and has become your
departed from you and has become your
departed from you and has become your enemy and the Lord has done for himself
enemy and the Lord has done for himself
enemy and the Lord has done for himself as he spoke by me for the Lord has torn
as he spoke by me for the Lord has torn
as he spoke by me for the Lord has torn the kingdom out of your hand and given
the kingdom out of your hand and given
the kingdom out of your hand and given it to your neighbor David because you
it to your neighbor David because you
it to your neighbor David because you did not obey the voice of the Lord nor
did not obey the voice of the Lord nor
did not obey the voice of the Lord nor execute his fierce wrath upon havilland
execute his fierce wrath upon havilland
execute his fierce wrath upon havilland therefore the Lord has done this thing
therefore the Lord has done this thing
therefore the Lord has done this thing to you this day moreover the Lord will
to you this day moreover the Lord will
to you this day moreover the Lord will also deliver Israel with you into the
also deliver Israel with you into the
also deliver Israel with you into the hand of the Philistines and tomorrow you
hand of the Philistines and tomorrow you
hand of the Philistines and tomorrow you and your sons will be with me the Lord
and your sons will be with me the Lord
and your sons will be with me the Lord will also deliver the army of Israel
will also deliver the army of Israel
will also deliver the army of Israel into the hand of the Philistines
into the hand of the Philistines
into the hand of the Philistines immediately Saul fell full length on the
immediately Saul fell full length on the
immediately Saul fell full length on the ground
ground
ground and was dreadfully afraid because of the
and was dreadfully afraid because of the
and was dreadfully afraid because of the words of Sammy oh and there was no
words of Sammy oh and there was no
words of Sammy oh and there was no strength in him for he had eaten no food
strength in him for he had eaten no food
strength in him for he had eaten no food all day or all night and the woman came
all day or all night and the woman came
all day or all night and the woman came to Seoul and saw that he was severely
to Seoul and saw that he was severely
to Seoul and saw that he was severely troubled look your maidservant has
troubled look your maidservant has
troubled look your maidservant has obeyed your voice and I have put my life
obeyed your voice and I have put my life
obeyed your voice and I have put my life in my hands and hated the words which
in my hands and hated the words which
in my hands and hated the words which you spoke to me now
you spoke to me now
you spoke to me now therefore please heed also the voice of
therefore please heed also the voice of
therefore please heed also the voice of your maidservant and let me set a piece
your maidservant and let me set a piece
your maidservant and let me set a piece of bread before you and eat that you may
of bread before you and eat that you may
of bread before you and eat that you may have strength when you go on your way
have strength when you go on your way
have strength when you go on your way but he refused I will not eat so his
but he refused I will not eat so his
but he refused I will not eat so his servants together with a woman
servants together with a woman
servants together with a woman urged and he heeded their voice then he
urged and he heeded their voice then he
urged and he heeded their voice then he arose from the ground and sat on the bed
arose from the ground and sat on the bed
arose from the ground and sat on the bed now the woman had a fatted calf in the
now the woman had a fatted calf in the
now the woman had a fatted calf in the house and she hastened to kill it and
house and she hastened to kill it and
house and she hastened to kill it and she took flour and kneaded it and baked
she took flour and kneaded it and baked
she took flour and kneaded it and baked unleavened bread from it so she brought
unleavened bread from it so she brought
unleavened bread from it so she brought it before Sol and his servants and they
it before Sol and his servants and they
it before Sol and his servants and they ate then they rose and went away that
ate then they rose and went away that
ate then they rose and went away that night